Fixes to bump_version-related scripts (#1438)
C2SM/icon4py: docs/release_procedure.md

updates cross-package dependency constraints (e.g., `icon4py-common~=0.1.0` ->
`icon4py-common~=0.2.0`).

Before making changes, the script verifies that every package `pyproject.toml`
has a `[tool.bumpversion]` section, all `icon4py.*` package versions agree, and all pinned
cross-package dependency constraints use that version.

The same checks run in the quality-assurance CI workflow:

```bash

> ./scripts/run check-versions

Reviewer: See other comment about pre-commit. If CI checks this and the check runs with pre-commit, it might not need to be mentioned here?

   pip install --index-url https://test.pypi.org/simple/ icon4py==<new_version>
   ```

   If installation fails, try again with PyPI as an extra index:

   ```bash
   pip install --extra-index-url https://pypi.org/simple -i https://test.pypi.org/simple icon4py==<new_version>
   ```

>    **Note:** TestPyPI may not have all transitive dependencies.

Reviewer: Maybe still simpler:
````suggestion
   If installation fails, try again with PyPI as an extra index because TestPyPI may not have all transitive dependencies:

   ```bash
   pip install --extra-index-url https://pypi.org/simple -i https://test.pypi.org/simple icon4py==<new_version>
   ```
````
?

   pip install --index-url https://test.pypi.org/simple/ icon4py==<new_version>
   ```

   If this fails, install `icon4py` with PyPI as an extra index:

   ```bash

>    python3 -m pip install --extra-index-url https://pypi.org/simple -i https://test.pypi.org/simple icon4py==<new_version>

Reviewer: Maybe consistently use `pip` vs `python3 -m pip`? But do note that the `**Note**` just below says this as well, maybe this can be integrated a bit nicer with the note below?

The `--index-strategy unsafe-best-match` is actually only required for `uv pip install` I think, and that should probably be mentioned explicitly (the reason is that `uv pip install` will decide to not versions/packages/something from different indices unless you ask it to do that with the `--index-strategy` flag; plain `pip install` is less strict about it).
